Version 20200214 release

The zip package is just for the checksums and contains all the project files.

This program has absolutely no warranty.

Required: 
base module: Python3 (min. 3.3), Pyqt5, PyXdg, xdg-utils
optional media module: python3-dbus.
optional assmime.py in utility folder: Pyqt5, PyXdg, xdg-utils

Just launch the file qmfm.py from the project directory to open the home folder,
or open a different folder from the command line or by chancing the config file.

------------

The optional disks and trash modules do not track any changes while their tabs are open.

The disks tab let user manage the recycle bin of every partitions, if supported.
This means the home recycle bin is indipendent from the recycle bin of the other
storage masses.

The program support custom scripts and custom thumbnailers.
Thumbnailers for images, videos (using ffmpegthumbnailer), and pdf files 
(using pdftocairo) are provided.
At the moment, the following script are provided: open xterm in the current directory (if
xterm is installed); calculate the checksum of the selected items (if the checksums
are installed); extract the content of the selected archive, alse with password 
(if 7z is installed); create a tar or tar.gz archive (if tar and gzip are installed).

Drag and Drop is supported.

The program also support the default templates directory, or a generic Templates
folder.

At the moment the hidden features are:
- CTRL+s : the window size is saved; in fullscreen mode only this state is saved.
- The program accept a folder path as argument.
- When html/htm files are copied or dropped into this program the associated 
folders will be copied too, and viceversa.
- Recycle bin tabs: the files have a contextual menu; folders can be opened in a
new tab, and files opened with the default program, if any, with a double click.
- Progress dialog during copying operations: the current copying operation cannot be
interrupted, only the following ones can be interrupted.
- Delete (canc) key: selected items into the recycle bin if choosen so in the config file.
